fix: Added instruction to install NIM 2.19.0 (#747)
nginx/documentation: content/nim/deploy/kubernetes/deploy-using-helm.md

Make sure to update your chart references if you’re using version 2.20.0 or later.
{{< /call-out >}}

{{< call-out "note" "Versioning update from NGINX Instance Manager 2.20.0" >}}
Helm chart versioning was reset with the chart rename in NGINX Instance Manager 2.20.0; `v2.0.0` is the first release under the new nginx-stable/nim chart name.

> {{< /call-out >}}

Reviewer: Let's consolidate this text w/ the preceding callout on lines 20-23.

Suggest text for the combined call-out:

Starting with version 2.20.0, the Helm chart was renamed from `nginx-stable/nms-hybrid` to `nginx-stable/nim`. Chart versioning was also reset; v2.0.0 is the first release under the new name. Be sure to update your chart references if you’re using version 2.20.0 or later.

Author: done

apigw:
  image:
    repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/apigw
    tag: <version>

core:
  image:
    repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/core
    tag: <version>

dpm:
  image:
    repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/dpm
    tag: <version>

ingestion:
  image:
    repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/ingestion
    tag: <version>

integrations:
  image:
    repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/integrations
    tag: <version>

secmon:
  image:
    repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/secmon
    tag: <version>

utility:
  image:
    repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/utility
    tag: <version>
```

> These values are required when pulling images from the NGINX private registry. The chart does not auto-resolve image tags. Update the tag: fields to match the NGINX Instance Manager version you want to install referring the Helm chart table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values are required when pulling images from the NGINX private registry. The chart doesn't auto-resolve image tags. Set each `tag:` value to match the NGINX Instance Manager version you want to install. Refer to the Helm chart table for version details.
```

You should see `STATUS: deployed` in the output.

> To help you choose the right NGINX Instance Manager chart version, see the table in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To help you choose the right NGINX Instance Manager chart version, see the following table:
```

Is the include the table itself? then this sentence makes more sense.

---

> ## Helm Deployment for NGINX Instance Manager 2.19

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Helm deployment for NGINX Instance Manager 2.19
```
Sentence case.

### Install the chart

Run the `helm install` command to deploy NGINX Instance Manager:

1. Replace `<path-to-your-values.yaml>` with the path to your `values.yaml` file.
2. Replace `YourPassword123#` with a secure password (containing a mix of uppercase, lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters).

   {{< important >}} Remember to save the password for future use. Only the encrypted password is stored, and there's no way to recover or reset it if lost. {{< /important >}}

```shell
helm install -n nms-hybrid \
--set adminPasswordHash=$(openssl passwd -6 'YourPassword123#') \
nms nginx-stable/nms-hybrid \
--create-namespace \
-f <path-to-your-values.yaml> \
--version <chart-version> \
--wait
```

---

### Upgrade NGINX Instance Manager

To upgrade:

1. [Update the Helm repository list](#add-repository).
2. [Adjust your `values.yaml` file](#create-a-helm-deployment-values.yaml-file) if needed.
3. To upgrade the NGINX Instance Manager deployment, run the following command. This command updates the `nms` deployment with a new version from the `nginx-stable/nms-hybrid` repository. It also hashes the provided password and uses the `values.yaml` file at the path you specify.

> 4. Replace `<chart-version>` with the desired chart version of NGINX Instance Manager 2.19.x referring the helm chart table. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Replace `<chart-version>` with the desired chart version of NGINX Instance Manager 2.19.x referring the Helm chart table. 
```

    - Change the version tag to the version of NGINX Instance Manager you would like to install. Refer Helm chart table for versions.

    {{< see-also >}} For details on creating a secret, see the Kubernetes [Pull an Image from a Private Registry](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) documentation. {{</ see-also >}}

    ```yaml
    imagePullSecrets:
        - name: regcred
    apigw:
        image:
            repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/apigw
            tag: <version>
    core:
        image:
            repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/core
            tag: <version>
    dpm:
        image:
            repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/dpm
            tag: <version>
    ingestion:
        image:
            repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/ingestion
            tag: <version>
    integrations:
        image:
            repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/integrations
            tag: <version>
    utility:
        image:
            repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/utility
            tag: <version>

>     secmon:

Author: done

        image:
            repository: private-registry.nginx.com/nms/utility
            tag: <version>
    ```

2. Save and close the `values.yaml` file.

---

### Install the chart

Run the `helm install` command to deploy NGINX Instance Manager:

1. Replace `<path-to-your-values.yaml>` with the path to your `values.yaml` file.

> 2. Replace `YourPassword123#` with a secure password (containing a mix of uppercase, lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Replace `<your-password>` with a secure password (containing a mix of uppercase, lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters).
```

3. To upgrade the NGINX Instance Manager deployment, run the following command. This command updates the `nms` deployment with a new version from the `nginx-stable/nms-hybrid` repository. It also hashes the provided password and uses the `values.yaml` file at the path you specify.
4. Replace `<chart-version>` with the desired chart version of NGINX Instance Manager 2.19.x referring the Helm chart table. 

   ```shell
    helm upgrade -n nms \
    --set nms-hybrid.adminPasswordHash=$(openssl passwd -6 'YourPassword123#') \
    nms nginx-stable/nms-hybrid \
    -f <path-to-your-values.yaml> \
    --version <chart-version> \
    --wait
   ```

   - Replace `<path-to-your-values.yaml>` with the path to the `values.yaml` file you created]({{< ref "/nim/deploy/kubernetes/deploy-using-helm.md#configure-chart" >}}).
   - Replace `YourPassword123#` with a secure password that includes uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters.

      {{<call-out "important" "Save the password!" "" >}} Save this password for future use. Only the encrypted password is stored in Kubernetes, and you can’t recover or reset it later. {{</call-out>}}

> {{< call-out "note" "Upgrading from 2.18.0 or lower to 2.19.x" >}}
> If you’re upgrading from a deployment that used the legacy `nms` chart or release name, you’ll need to update the chart reference and adjust the release name as needed.
> The structure of values.yaml is different from previous releases.
> {{< /call-out >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< call-out "note" "Upgrading from 2.18.0 or earlier to 2.19.x" >}}
If you're upgrading from version 2.18.0 or earlier to 2.19.x, note the following changes:

- If you used the legacy `nms` chart or release name, update the chart reference and adjust the release name if needed.
- The structure of the `values.yaml` file has changed in this release.
{{< /call-out >}}
```

This ensures pods can run with the user IDs required by NGINX Instance Manager services.

When `openshift.enabled: true` is set in the `values.yaml` file, the NGINX Instance Manager deployment automatically creates a **custom [Security Context Constraints](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/authentication_and_authorization/managing-pod-security-policies) (SCCs)** and links it to the Service Account used by all pods.

By default, OpenShift enforces strict security policies that require containers to run as **non-root** users. The NGINX Instance Manager deployment needs specific user IDs (UIDs) for certain services, such as **1000** for `nms` and **101** for `nginx` and `clickhouse`. Since the default SCCs do not allow these UIDs, a **custom SCC** is created. This ensures that the deployment can run with the necessary permissions while maintaining OpenShift’s security standards. The custom SCC allows these UIDs by setting the `runAsUser` field, which controls which users can run containers.

> {{< note >}} The NIM deployment on OpenShift has been tested with OpenShift v4.13.0 Server. {{< /note >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} The NGINX Instance Manager deployment on OpenShift has been tested with OpenShift v4.13.0 Server. {{< /note >}}
```

This ensures pods can run with the user IDs required by NGINX Instance Manager services.

> When `openshift.enabled: true` is set in the `values.yaml` file, the NGINX Instance Manager deployment automatically creates a **custom [Security Context Constraints](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/authentication_and_authorization/managing-pod-security-policies) (SCCs)** and links it to the Service Account used by all pods.
> 
> By default, OpenShift enforces strict security policies that require containers to run as **non-root** users. The NGINX Instance Manager deployment needs specific user IDs (UIDs) for certain services, such as **1000** for `nms` and **101** for `nginx` and `clickhouse`. Since the default SCCs do not allow these UIDs, a **custom SCC** is created. This ensures that the deployment can run with the necessary permissions while maintaining OpenShift’s security standards. The custom SCC allows these UIDs by setting the `runAsUser` field, which controls which users can run containers.
> 
> {{< note >}} The NGINX Instance Manager deployment on OpenShift has been tested with OpenShift v4.13.0 Server. {{< /note >}}
> {{< note >}} If you see permission errors during deployment, your user account might not have access to manage SCCs. Contact a cluster administrator to request access. {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `openshift.enabled: true` is set in the `values.yaml` file, the NGINX Instance Manager deployment automatically creates a custom [Security Context Constraints (SCC)](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html/authentication_and_authorization/managing-pod-security-policies) object and links it to the Service Account used by all pods.

By default, OpenShift enforces strict security policies that require containers to run as **non-root** users. The deployment needs specific user IDs (UIDs) for certain services—**1000** for `nms`, and **101** for `nginx` and `clickhouse`. Since the default SCCs don’t allow these UIDs, the deployment creates a custom SCC. This SCC sets the `runAsUser` field to allow the necessary UIDs while still complying with OpenShift’s security standards.

This deployment has been tested with OpenShift v4.13.0 Server.

If you see permission errors during deployment, your account might not have access to manage SCCs. Ask a cluster administrator for access.
```
